"Unfold"
(Episode 1)
Please take a look.
Do you still need to confirm it personally?
No, thanks.
(Scene cleaning fee)
(Blood test report)
Hello, Mr. Zhou.
The boss has reserved a seat for you.
This way, please.
Good.
Lao Bai is truly amazing.
He said that he had
collected a wall full of wine.
I still don't believe it.
Yeah, he loves collecting things.
Is there any whiskey with a peat flavor?
These two bottles, and that bottle.
It all smells like peat.
Then, I'll have the same as that gentleman.
Younger Master. Pour a glass.
That is my boss's son.
[Signage indicated a second-hand bookstore]
[A message with instructions on
how to clean a scene, plus an address]
A'Che, your dad's calling.
Dad.
Sorry, I was just tidying up books.
What's wrong?
Take a look at WeChat.
Remember not to be late.
Understood.
Also, call A'Yun.
She will need to work overtime
until nine o'clock tonight.
A batch of used books will be arriving.
Let her put it in the warehouse.
Dad said a batch of books
will arrive at nine o'clock.
Sister Xiao Yun.
I have something to do tomorrow.
Thanks for your hard work.
It's nothing.
Just go ahead and do your own thing.
The boss certainly can't pay me as
the store manager for doing nothing.
Give me these books. I'll take them in.
Here you are.
Dad.
Who is the deceased to you?
He is my adoptive father.
The preliminary diagnosis is sudden death.
Perhaps the old gentleman was too exhausted
from his daily work.
Could there be other possibilities?
That depends on the autopsy results.
Please go outside to sign the consent form.
Just go back and wait for the news.
Clearly, in the past three years,
none of you have come to see me work.
Why are you here?
Excuse me.
Zhou Chen.
Nice to see you again.
I saw you in the bar before.
Are you Lao Bai's son?
I have some work that I
need to coordinate with him.
But we can't get in touch with him now.
What's wrong?
My dad
has passed away.
I'm so sorry.
It's nothing.
So what's the reason for Lao Bai's death?
Wasn't he in good health?
How could it happen so suddenly?
It's not clear yet.
This is my business card.
If you need any help in the future,
feel free to contact me anytime.
So,
what is the matter
you need to coordinate with my dad?
I am staff member of the medical
institution, responsible for organ donation.
I coordinated with your
father over organ sourcing.
I don't really understand how my father was
connected to anything related to organ donation.
If there is any news,
I will contact you immediately.
It's nothing.
No hurry.
Take care of your father's affairs first,
I'll head out first.
Take care on the road.
[SMS: January 22, Minhua
Private, Liver, 220000]
Hello?
It's me.
Bai Che.
It's you.
What's wrong?
I sorted through my father's belongings,
unfortunately, I couldn't
find any relevant information.
It's okay.
Thank you very much anyway.
The Minhua Hospital
also took the initiative
to contact us, today.
Minhua?
What's wrong?
It's nothing.
Alright.
Let's just leave it for now.
Bye-bye.
(From Dad: January 28, Mingyue Pavilion,
Hexi District, No. 366, Building 3, Room 702)